improve and test vite-plugin-cloudflare `.dev.vars` files support (#7864)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/orange-camels-hunt_wrangler.md

---
"wrangler": minor
---

Update the `unstable_getMiniflareWorkerOptions` types to always include an `env` parameter.

The `unstable_getMiniflareWorkerOptions` types, when accepting a config object as the first argument,
didn't accept a second `env` argument. The changes here make sure they do, since the `env` is still

> relevant for picking up variables from potential `.dev.vars` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
relevant for picking up variables from `.dev.vars` files.
```

> allow `unstable_getMiniflareWorkerOptions` to always accept an `env` argument
> 
> the `unstable_getMiniflareWorkerOptions` utility, when accepting a config object as its first argument,
> doesn't accept an `env` one, the changes here make sure it does since even if a config object is passed
> the `env` one is still relevant for picking up variables from potential `.dev.vars` files

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Update the `unstable_getMiniflareWorkerOptions` types to always include an `env` parameter.

The `unstable_getMiniflareWorkerOptions` types, when accepting a config object as the first argument,
didn't accept a second `env` argument. The changes here make sure they do, since the `env` is still relevant for picking up variables from potential `.dev.vars` files.
```
